#summary Project updates
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation,Phase-Support

= Updates =

This page contains all the recent project changes and updates

=== 02.27.2010 ===
* Completed the PDFReader. Now you can parse existing pdf document, extract strings, images and files from them.

=== 02.14.2010 ===
  * Added reader for read pdf documents. See a first [http://code.google.com/p/purepdf/source/browse/examples/src/test_reader/HelloWorldReader.as example] here to extract bookmarks from a pdf document
  * Added [http://code.google.com/p/purepdf/source/browse/examples/src/test_reader/ExtractStream.as example] on how to extract text from pdf documents
  * Added [http://code.google.com/p/purepdf/source/browse/examples/src/test_reader/ExtractImages.as example] on how to extract images from pdf documents

=== 02.10.2010 ===

  * added [http://code.google.com/p/purepdf/source/browse/examples/src/FormWithTooltip.as FormWithTooltip.as] example. Create forms with tooltips associated to the textfields
  * created an [http://www.sephiroth.it/weblog/archives/2010/02/flash_gradientmatrix_to_pdf_using_pur.php example] for a conversion between flash gradient color matrix to pdf
  * added [http://code.google.com/p/purepdf/source/browse/examples/src/NestingList.as NestingList.as] example. Show how to nest lists each other.
  * added support for vertical text. See this [http://code.google.com/p/purepdf/source/browse/examples/src/VerticalTextExample.as example]

=== 02.07.2010 ===

  * added PushButtonField. For an example see [http://code.google.com/p/purepdf/source/browse/examples/src/TooltipExample.as#92 TooltipExample.as]
  * added movie embedded. See this [http://code.google.com/p/purepdf/source/browse/examples/src/EmbeddedMovie.as example] and this [http://www.sephiroth.it/purepdf/pdfs/EmbeddedMovie.pdf resulting pdf]
 ( you need to see with standalone reader ).

=== 02.06.2010 ===

  * added *tagged* pdf documents. See [http://code.google.com/p/purepdf/source/browse/examples/src/TaggedContent.as example]. Read more about tagged pdf [http://www.planetpdf.com/enterprise/article.asp?ContentID=6067 here]
  * added *full compression*. See [http://code.google.com/p/purepdf/source/browse/examples/src/HelloWorldFullCompression.as example]